Update NEWS (#139)
clear-code/redmine_full_text_search: NEWS.md

  * Avoid needless ALTER TABLE ADD INDEX with Mroonga
  * dev: improve test runner with Redmine 5.0
  * redmine5.0 test: don't use "files" as the base fixture path for old Rails
  * redmine5.0 postgresql test: add support for UTC offset detection
  * redmine5.0 postgresql: adjust WITH support patch
  * mysql: fix conf.d path
  * redmine4.1 test: skip system test
  * Add support for Redmine 5.0
  * Remove code for Redmine 4.0
  * Use ** for options
  * Use Pgroonga to follow Rails' convention
  * Use CGI.unescape
  * Drop support for Redmine 4.0
  * Don't initialize multiple times with Redmine < 5
  * Use auto load instead of explicit require
  * Use auto load instead of require
  * Use the latest chupa-text
  * dev: use MySQL 8.0
  * mroogna: fix Mroonga version check
  * Use ActiveModel::Type::Value
  * Use Int64 for fts_targets.tag_ids
  * Proposal to improve database recovery procedure (#100)
  * Add more development information
  * Add how to develop document
  * Add example files for Redmine 4.2
  * Add full_text_search:similar_issues:synchronize
  * Fix a bug that resolving journalized target incorrectly
  * Ignore journal not for issue
  * Ignore tag for nonexistent record

>   * Add support for Groonga 10 or later version detection
>   * Add support for batch synchronizing attachments in documents
>   * Ignore syntax error in Groonga's query syntax
>   * Add require full_text_search/migration (#90)
>   * Use check box again
>   * Use radio button in setting view
>   * Add an option whether include `search_id` and `search_n` in URL. (#88)
>   * Add a missing "source" in Gemfile (#89)
>   * test custom_value: update expected
>   * custom_value: set last_modified_at
>   * Add relations
>   * Ignore nonexistent tag error for drilldown
>   * Add missing labels
>   * Use after_commit instead of after_save
>   * Add support for specifying Ruby
>   * Add support for Redmine master
>   * Fix RecordNotFound error on journal destroy
>   * Stop updating issue record recursively by default
>   * Add support for searching files of scoped project
>   * Fix a bug that project related targets aren't found for normal users
>   * Remove not available search types
>   * Add missing namespace module
>   * Ignore unknown search type for source drilldowns
>   * Use utf8mb4 explicitly
>   * Add support for Ruby 2.4 again
>   * Accept no table case in recovery
>   * dump-issue-histories: add estimated hours
>   * dump-issue-histories: add elapsed time
>   * report-statistics: add
>   * dump-issue-histories: add support for nonexistent custom field
>   * dump-issue-histories: add support for more nonexistent objects
>   * dump-issue-histories: add support for nonexistent user
>   * dump-issue-histories: work
>   * Don't require json explicitly
>   * dump-issue-histories: add
>   * similar-search: make hook job
>   * wiki-page: content may be nil
>   * dump-text: add support for outputting to directory
>   * Add support for Redmine master again
>   * dump-text: add support for splitting to multiple files
>   * dump-text: process only Japanese sentence for now
>   * dump-text: limit max line size to 2KiB by default
>   * Use markup processed text
>   * pgroonga: fix operator
>   * Remove needless type: "fulltext" for PGroonga
>   * pgroonga: use NormalizerNFKC121
>   * Use identifier tag for project identifier
>   * Add support for searching by project identifier
>   * Don't show pagination without condition
>   * analyze-log: add more ratios
>   * analyze-log: show more information
>   * analyze-log: don't use pp
>   * dump-text: ignore long line
>   * dump-text: output sentences
>   * dump-mysql: add
>   * dump-text: dump only natural language text
>   * log-analyzer: add search ID check
>   * log-analyzer: add support for analyzing search
>   * dump-project: add support for --no-XXX
>   * Add workaround for IE11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Search by tags in Wiki Extensions (#137)
  * Support Redmine v5.1 (#123)
  * Enable sort function by registered time on the search page (#119)
  * Add support for Redmine X UX plugin (#112)
  * Add missing icon classes for search options (#110)
  * Add support for destroying a custom field (#109)
  * project custom_field: fix a bug that orphan custom values may be remained
  * issue custom_field: fix a bug that orphan custom values may be remained
  * Drop support for Redmine 4.1
  * Add support for redmica_s3
  * Add support for Redmine 5.0
  * Drop support for Redmine 4.0
  * mroogna: fix Mroonga version check
  * Use ActiveModel::Type::Value
  * Use Int64 for fts_targets.tag_ids
  * Add an option whether include `search_id` and `search_n` in URL. (#88)
  * Fix a bug that project related targets aren't found for normal users
```
